# Reference
<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

**Classes**

_Public Classes_

* [`samba`](#samba): Class: samba ===========================  Main class that includes all other classes for the samba module.

_Private Classes_

* `samba::config`: This class is called from samba for service config.
* `samba::install`: This class is called from the main samba class for install.
* `samba::service`: This class is meant to be called from samba to manage smb and nmb services

## Classes

### samba

Class: samba
===========================

Main class that includes all other classes for the samba module.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `samba` class.

##### `config_dir`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Specifies the configuration directory.

Default value: '/etc/samba'

##### `config_file`

Data type: `String`

Specifies the name of the configuraiton file.

Default value: 'smb.conf'

##### `global_config`

Data type: `Hash`

Hash containing the global/special section configuration parameters.

Default value: {}

##### `global_config_template`

Data type: `String`

Specifies the template to use for the samba global/special sections.

Default value: 'samba/global.erb'

##### `package_ensure`

Data type: `String`

Whether to install the samba package, and/or what version. Values: 'present', 'latest', or a specific version number.

Default value: 'present'

##### `package_name`

Data type: `String`

Specifies the name of the package to install.

Default value: 'samba'

##### `service_nmb_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether to enable the nmb service at boot.

Default value: `false`

##### `service_nmb_ensure`

Data type: `Enum['running', 'stopped']`

Whether the nmb service should be running.

Default value: 'stopped'

##### `service_nmb_name`

Data type: `String`

Specifies the name of the service to manage.

Default value: 'nmb'

##### `service_smb_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether to enable the smb service at boot.

Default value: `true`

##### `service_smb_ensure`

Data type: `Enum['running', 'stopped']`

Whether the smb service should be running.

Default value: 'running'

##### `service_smb_name`

Data type: `String`

Specifies the name of the service to manage.

Default value: 'smb'

##### `shares_definitions`

Data type: `Hash`

Hash containing the shares to be created.

Default value: {}

##### `shares_template`

Data type: `String`

Specifies the template to use to construct the shares concat fragment.

Default value: 'samba/shares.erb'

